---
layout: post
title:  "Reports and handouts of courses taken"
date:   2015-04-18 08:43:59
author: Ben Centra
categories: Dummy
tags: lorem
---

Here are several samples of my works, including homeworks, final projects, and presentations I've done in the lectures taken previously, from Sep, 2019 to June, 2020. Below I also list out the courses I've taken through my masters and undergradutes. I am currently serving as the TA of convex optimization lectured by Prof. Borching Su.

Advanced (Straight A's): Queueing Theory, Game Theory, Matrix Computations, Numerical Linear Algebra, Convex Optimization, Quantum Algorithms, Selected Topics in Engineering Mathematics, Overcoming Uphill Challenges for the New Generation Entrepreneurs, Applications of Quantum Computation, Computer Simulation

I've taken 37 credits in total during my masters studies while the standard is 24. Beyond the course taken, I've audit Information Theory and Stochastic Calculus.

Undergraduate: Algorithms, Data Structures, Graph Theory, Matrix Theory, Computer Networking, Probability and Statistics, Principle of Communications, Discrete Mathematics, Complex Variables, Signals and Systems, Computer Programming, Linear Algebra, Calculus (I)(II)

#### Numerical Linear Algebra
Here are some handouts and take home exams of the course, held by Prof. Keh-Ming Shyue at the Graduate Institute of Applied Mathematical Sciences, National Taiwan University.
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/Numerical%20Linear%20Algebra%20-%20merged.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

<br>

#### Overcoming Uphill Challenges for the New Generation Entrepreneurs
This course was lectured by [Dr. Gary Wang]. Gary previously held many senior executive positions at 3Com in operations, engineering and manufacturing. He served as the VP of 3Com Corporation (former Fortune 500 company) and the president of 3Com APR Operations. In this course we have to do weekly presentations on different topics related. For instance, in the first slides we introduce multidiscipline and multi-model thinking, which are important qualities emphasized by great minds like Herbert A. Simon and Charlie Munger.
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/98%20Multidisciplinary.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

As for the second example, I'd like to show the slides about IoT architectures as follows:
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/297%20IoT%20Architecture.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

Lastly, I'd also like to show our presentation slides for introducing balanced scorecard.
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/176%20Balanced%20Scorecard.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

<br>

#### Information, Control & Games (Game Theory)
This course was lead by Prof. Shi-Chung Chang in our department, in which I've once presented a paper about Stackelberg games.
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/Derivation%20of%20Necessary%20and%20Sufficient%20Conditions%20for%20Single%20Sta.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

<br>

#### Quantum Algorithms
Below I show the implementation results of the famous Grover's algorithm in 5 qbits. This is a graduate course of computer science department, lectured by Prof. Wen-Chin Chen.
<p style="text-align:center;">
<iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="640" height="480" src="https://tonic.ee.ntu.edu.tw/depot/rogerlo47/Grovers_5Qubits.pdf" align="middle"></iframe>
</p>

[Prof. Borching Su]: https://www.ee.ntu.edu.tw/profile1.php?id=100115
[Dr. Gary Wang]: https://www.svtangel.net/王崇智-gary-wang-ph-d/
