---
layout: post
title:  "How I shape my mind, mentality and philosophy"
date:   2021-03-10 18:02:31
author: Roger Chi-Jen Lo
categories: Posts
---

In this post I'd like to show how I shape my mind, mentality and philosophy throughout the ages. Also, there's a list about the books that have deeply influenced me in [Reading].

I came from a small town, Chiayi City in Taiwan. I've been there for 18 years before coming to Taipei. It all started when I was a kid, I like cars, I like technologies, and I like mathematics since I was little. Most importantly, I have already been inspired and aroused by the big figures in business through my young ages. I want to become a person like them. At that time, several billionaires in Taiwan, including the founders of ASUS, MediaTek, Quanta Computer (Fortune 500), BenQ, and Inventec were all once educated in the Electrical Engineering Department of National Taiwan University. Undoubtedly, NTUEE has the highest entry threshold among all STEM programs in Taiwan. Although I didn't know much about hte industries and the history of computers then, I know it would be morepractical for me to achieve my dream by first getting into NTUEE. Things went well.

During my studies in NTUEE, I started to confuse. How can I pave the path in reality? Courses like electronics or digital circuits design have nothing to do with my career goal. I was really anxious at that time, and even became sick. Only subjects related to mathematics are still fine for me, since that's my love. Otherwise I just couldn't enjoy the courses and knowledge as I was in high school. So, I started my survey, self-guidedly. Everyone has their own life and their own journey, and I have mine. I read a lot, not only books but I googled a lot, and figured out a more practical path, but before that, I have to reinforce my profession. It was very thankful for me to have Prof. Tsung-Nan Lin's guidance, especially when I needed the most. I was so young then that I didn't even have some wisdom of life.

Once again I joined National Taiwan University, but as a masters student major in Communication Engineering, again the most popular graduate institute in Taiwan. I was self-blaming and trepidatious when I started my research career even though I performed well in the entrance exam. I wished to be "Great again", and I worked hard relentlessly towards my wish. I met Prof. Hung-Yun Hsieh sparked my research potential, and fortunately we've attained some interesting results. I get straight A's taking 37 credits while the standard is 24. Moreover, I was elected as the President of Students Association of our graduate institute. This is so far the greatest comeback of my life.

With experience as a winner at the top, and also the experience as an underdog, these ups and downs I've been through strengthens my mentality, and I'm ready to embrace the challenges from a world class university. Now, I'm definitely qualified, and I'm shooting for the best.

[Reading]: https://rogerlo47.github.io/reading/
